ENGINEER

Every child grows up wanting to be someone when he grows up. The child sets his aim and works hard all his life to achieve the same. People aim in life to become doctors, astronauts, scientists, writers, journalists, lawyers, etc. I have an aim in life to become an engineer. It has been my dream since childhood to study engineering and become an engineer when I grow up. Having an aim in life is helpful in many ways. First of all, it gives us a sense of direction. When we set our aims, we become certain of what we want in life and thus start striving hard for the same. It also keeps us disciplined and focus. We start respecting the profession we want to have and our respect for the people pursuing the same profession also grows. An engineer is a person who uses scientific knowledge to solve practical problems and issues. He is the backbone behind the various buildings and structures we see today. The requirement of an engineer for the construction of a building is as important as the requirement of a judge in the courtroom. An engineer analyses the structure of the building, determines whether it is safe to carry on with the construction and then gives the green signal. Without the recommendations of the engineer there is tremendous risk associated with the structure of any building. I want to become an engineer because I had always dreamed of being part of the construction of huge building and structures. I also wanted to help the community in constructing a neighborhood safe from earthquakes and other natural calamities. My father is also an engineer and he was the chief engineer of the colony in which we stay. I have always been inspired by him. The society loves him for the work he does and that carries a lot of respect with it. I want to achieve the same someday. It is important to have an aim in life early so that one can shape up his routine towards working for that aim. Engineers work for the people in the society and their work carries a lot of risks and dangers. But when they are successful, the society shakes their hand and gives them the respect. Someday I will become an engineer and undergo that experience myself.